Criteria: ~tried to follow step by step from the reader, but it was not easy for me because I got nasty errors for misspelling and case sensitivity. I even had to delete the previous server-side repository and create a new one, then I accidentally put the foreign keys while creating models and migration files. for that I got conflicts while setting up relations, it took me a while to solve that. The good thing is now I know where I should be careful for the next times.
Feature 1: ~this feature is almost similar to the practice assessment, so here I followed step by stepprocedure of Matias's live coding session. <The artworks are displayed with their number of bids they have in the database> this feature is not done yet, but due to the time limit, I deceided to move on to get some easy points. ==> feature <The artworks are displayed with their number of bids they have in the database> done.
Feature 2: ~The details page is displayed using react only. for now only displaying the image, title and number of hearts . => Managed to display the bids table, but having problems with state managemet(some data is lost after refreshing detail page), to prevent that I added a conditional statement.
Feature 3: ~The "give heart" button works good, but the backend takes some time to update the number of hearts, so if I click the button very fast for multiple times, the homepage returns counts less than the clicks. If I take some time between the clicks, it works perfect.
Feature 4: ~
Feature 5: ~Just created a form and modified the "other" navbar link to make <start an auction> page
Feature 6: ~for creating "isArtist" migration, first added migration file and edited the seeder file, the seed file found the column to add the data, but when executing "findAll()" from routers, it didn't find the column. so to solve this, added the column to the model file.the rest of the part was comparetively easy.
